[MUSIC]
Congratulations on finishing the Visual
Perception for Self-Driving cars course.
The concept that you have learned in
this course are a fundamental part
of any self-driving car software stack.
Let us summarize what you've learned so
far.
During the first week of this course,
you have learned the fundamentals
of 3D computer vision.
And how to perform filtering operations
using the cross-correlation and
convolution operators.
You also use these fundamental
operations to create
a baseline obstacle avoidance software.
During the second week of the course, you
learned how to distill useful information
from the images through feature
detection and description.
You then learned how to use these
features to get odometry estimates
using visual odometry.
Due to the limitations of the classical
approaches to visual perception,
we targeted deep neural
networks during week three.
You learned the basic building
blocks of deep neural networks and
how to train them.
You then learned about a special
type of feetforward neural network,
the Convolutional Neural Network.
You explored convnets for
2D object detection in
the fourth week of the course.
You learned the 2D object
detection problem formulation.
How to train a 2D object detector.
And how to use 2D object
detection output to
augment the perception stack
of a self-driving car.
The final topic you studied in this
course was semantic segmentation.
During week five,
you learned how to formulate
the semantic segmentation problem.
How to use convnets to perform semantic
segmentation using the feature
decoder model.
And how to use the output
of semantic segmentation
to perform drivable surface estimation and
lean segmentation.
Finally, you put all this knowledge
together to create a self-driving
car obstacle avoidance system
in the carless simulator.
The concepts introduced in this course
are a very active area of research.
And I encourage you to dig deeper
into these fascinating topics
by reading the latest papers and
following announcements within the field.
To get started, I've provided you with
a list of supplementary materials
that will expand your understanding of
the rich field of visual perception for
self-driving cars.
In the next course, I will introduce
the final set of components in
the self-driving car stack,
motion planning.
As you learned,
motion planning is a complex,
multi-skill problem with many interesting
challenges for you to explore.
So join me in the next step of
your journey towards mastering
the tech behind self-driving cars.
[MUSIC]